https://open.spotify.com/album/6AvkC0h2TUdX6fpAKtXqYR // Castlevania Symphone of the Night
https://open.spotify.com/album/70kaIuCoHOZ11adVwGQroA // Sunset Overdrive
https://open.spotify.com/album/5LSmyO0hA8dsgk4g2KS2sX // Sonic Generations Vol. 1
https://open.spotify.com/album/7d6hwzyHCXIE3n3y0e3r8m // Sonic Generations Vol. 2
https://open.spotify.com/album/6Rc7rkokin2O1ewp2vBZjt // Sonic R
https://open.spotify.com/album/0F64g7rDH1jsy8rm8zBl9Q // Sonic CD
https://open.spotify.com/album/6FMvRwvHLuQs371VRrliq4 // Sonic Adventure
https://open.spotify.com/album/1fYiLcgfvEPgQsCzP01qMU // Sonic Heroes
https://open.spotify.com/album/3mMmasSVKlms5xBrShauPh // Sonic Mania
https://open.spotify.com/album/2CaTyv2PRp5uG5SHIb2tK5 // Mass Effect
https://open.spotify.com/album/1AL4h5rN3vis3unZLvKVjm // Mass Effect 2
https://open.spotify.com/album/7fvGyFc1ike0zd2pE7q9lr // Mass Effect 3
https://open.spotify.com/album/2r4a3PREYIRF2QdbcPnrEO // Bastion
https://open.spotify.com/album/3oVKqk9TahxvHpFIUlAEuJ // Jet Set Radio
https://open.spotify.com/album/3YXJBeqOWrKCi3DIDOgJw0 // Jet Set Radio Future
https://open.spotify.com/album/0knSmwGyDZvvzg37rhzIpy // Alex Kidd Vol. 1
https://open.spotify.com/album/38PUHL4Ab0rky3W6Lnmp4r // Out Run Vol. 1
https://open.spotify.com/album/0ndOKj9ShVUgDc2UiR8b2M // Journey
https://open.spotify.com/album/63CH3LUNguGmuTG4jKpXAC // Deus Ex: Human Revolution
https://open.spotify.com/album/7us4WRnwvqCE3cppHVNjIu // FTL
https://open.spotify.com/album/6QtCv5E76lUVbXfUFZxLuH // Fez
https://open.spotify.com/album/5Q7I07l5PkrO5nDwepUdNE // Chrono Trigger
https://open.spotify.com/album/4ynYSjDmlRH6tc7hNWuv7J // Hotline Miami
https://open.spotify.com/album/7yRFTXb2wZoxI04MSK54o4 // Hotline Miami
https://open.spotify.com/album/0Cqdcsm1RNSme7uDYfKssS // Hotline Miami
https://open.spotify.com/album/0KQyC28P9808r0oKKNgHvp // Doom
https://open.spotify.com/album/4aKKWSgxf7U7FN7njmi4MH // God of War III
https://open.spotify.com/album/49W7uQcw5DwyZViDEOlnWl // Uncharted
https://open.spotify.com/album/7AeuCduXts5efoVLam7dUk // Uncharted 2
https://open.spotify.com/album/2Dc3L17J41tbywnJdJRPi7 // Uncharted 3
https://open.spotify.com/album/2jPRHN04Gcaj6GBnW1jOUW // Uncharted 4
https://open.spotify.com/album/1M07WV7nZNoqMAturqewUj // Infamous
https://open.spotify.com/album/6b0o0e7p8XQctNZLZHL8VK // Infamous 2
https://open.spotify.com/album/46XBodEMc5dbor2odnjJUq // Crypt of the Necrodancer
https://open.spotify.com/album/3B0PgLmgaW0gJth55ApWbw // Transistor
https://open.spotify.com/album/6XL0i4TCp2D1zDT4EbCCOO // Rocket League
https://open.spotify.com/album/7xPc1OsC2R0siZKMlzRBIo // Ori and the Blind Forest
https://open.spotify.com/album/7fS5tGixMNR7s3G5Eh515y // Mirror's Edge
https://open.spotify.com/album/6EkvqSSh1Hu9n66AJLTkYB // Mirror's Edge Catalyst
https://open.spotify.com/album/1a4TATTxo7fdfqYxn2uMFN // Super Meat Boy
https://open.spotify.com/album/28LnQrJf1iPp3p7bRBt782 // Metroid Anthology
https://open.spotify.com/album/1pdM9htaPsGmk7rkpVNEDH // Batman Arkham Asylum
https://open.spotify.com/album/6skLYY2WEVjQ6tvbkSlmTG // Batman Arkham City
https://open.spotify.com/album/7uIV4R3B5L9ZoJ7WM0t67G // Batman Arkham Origins
https://open.spotify.com/album/1SI5srPA0dOzJbRdjz34W6 // Castlevania Curse of Darkness
https://open.spotify.com/album/6vHk8R4jcOe0WZnTDDFgXV // Devil May Cry
https://open.spotify.com/album/1RX5xk76MORiIGaz7HhQUp // Devil May Cry 2
https://open.spotify.com/album/0dH0HxdxaVim5YiQ8k6nDm // Devil May Cry 4
https://open.spotify.com/album/1FKr0dY4TzPeJ0m3V5u76k // DmC
https://open.spotify.com/album/2J2XOIDnJSyNko5Vc4GII5 // Prince of Persia Trilogy
https://open.spotify.com/album/2AxcQVfBSBQzozMlX8yVxv // Far Cry 3
https://open.spotify.com/album/231L8hGyehsAzmrPrd785m // Far Cry 3 Blood Dragon
https://open.spotify.com/album/19uGvOnAhqEQ7irwCEce99 // The Witcher
https://open.spotify.com/album/0dAhuTx13ciZIXgan98X7Z // The Witcher 2
https://open.spotify.com/album/5GAHLnlyZGLpOSdYI1tQ3R // The Witcher 3
https://open.spotify.com/album/1NCt4W6d8fNGkBQAjXDVrA // Furi
https://open.spotify.com/album/09ixa10YNG75H0HDKbMAiZ // Assassin's Creed 2
https://open.spotify.com/album/1qvTY6mcUNAzP9BCABiMIe // Assassin's Creed Brotherhood
https://open.spotify.com/album/4YQsbhCYkpmueqKC4aEn7f // Assassin's Creed Revelations
https://open.spotify.com/album/23aWOneOrCl1KBfDCo2pFy // Assassin's Creed 3
https://open.spotify.com/album/7G0O4t6PMa6bcOLc3KgztU // Assassin's Creed 4
https://open.spotify.com/album/48OeUXPCWaqsFNtKr6tqvq // Rayman Origins
https://open.spotify.com/album/1XdgIQg5BoYpPkLTEB1uHp // Rayman Legends
https://open.spotify.com/album/2qNJNe5NdM4SnAqfEtTkiX // Grow Home
https://open.spotify.com/album/4PvakqSTVKDmAj0v0UEuC1 // Monument Valley
https://open.spotify.com/album/2NVNyVmPZ9V5vqo8P1umhc // Monument Valley Forgotten Shores
https://open.spotify.com/album/64qeTVvE0NE7FDgc1liDzA // Monument Valley 2
https://open.spotify.com/album/673cuQ8hG3FYLbF1HxHJuc // Worms 2
https://open.spotify.com/album/5Jyf9nzGcltNocdWYbh0Q1 // Dante's Inferno
https://open.spotify.com/album/22H5XKyHXkxHbty4jtBibg // Red Dead Redemption
https://open.spotify.com/album/5cyrfafppjyPgmUr4rbZFq // Broken Age
https://open.spotify.com/album/2F32Xg7gK6iGyqU17Ifijm // Psychonauts
https://open.spotify.com/album/63JTzw7vuxUhhLXYIyRmNN // Risk of Rain
https://open.spotify.com/album/1cVsczQdIhX9Tf2dOMjjvc // The Binding of Isaac
https://open.spotify.com/album/4FZ63qgkr6jLWPKi58Sg0l // Rogue Legacy
https://open.spotify.com/album/6rqgb726zE5CQOcwi30MMQ // Remember Me
https://open.spotify.com/album/3UVyUHogFcjirdS5AsmXzG // Max Payne 3
https://open.spotify.com/album/2WZQRkMkpd8zvu54quUpHD // Cloudbuilt
https://open.spotify.com/album/20tctCeODWwQ0h8TPQZXyb // Need for Speed: Most Wanted
https://open.spotify.com/album/4S1vVTiygYBSz3b7Uq7fIH // Need for Speed: Carbon
https://open.spotify.com/album/6DdxFIFBbeqTKrupideFXF // Need for Speed: Carbon
https://open.spotify.com/album/4vvDSClM0RB8HdiRJSZDB6 // Need for Speed: Prostreet
https://open.spotify.com/album/68cNIqrjIrr9cZ784MxLDz // Need for Speed: The Run
https://open.spotify.com/album/3NyE2w6W0TXrTAHDrC6DSa // Need for Speed Payback
https://open.spotify.com/album/0A5hf3mKdBH6ABzJT9eNRP // Need for Speed: Undercover
https://open.spotify.com/album/78h5YZhJoiI5lCg4QfPMfz // Need for Speed: Underground
https://open.spotify.com/album/6580JNX7eatcbusHZwTRN3 // Hitman 2
https://open.spotify.com/album/1nBrgXq5P8CboSs3YZN6et // Hitman Contracts
https://open.spotify.com/album/3DFCTOiZwQM3WXDOuJhswI // Hitman Blood Money
https://open.spotify.com/album/7j9KRnJVZ860cM5qU7XuKR // Age of Empires 3
https://open.spotify.com/album/3TvvGOz0DPEP0DJWjf6Fyl // Age of Mythology
https://open.spotify.com/album/3g5dU6hefEYef4QAWtwimx // Lovely Planet
https://open.spotify.com/album/7tqcyvjNAziHZYSMXzUPFu // Diablo II
https://open.spotify.com/album/1TIMPsHk76na9Cst58abP7 // Diablo III
https://open.spotify.com/album/4vxma8UfdSyZbNHU5wpzQc // Neon Struct
https://open.spotify.com/album/6a8Qf1XeKiOTAdSwk3Qa16 // Flower
https://open.spotify.com/album/4o2M5oBuy4jjJesyHlgfec // Zelda - Ocarina of Time
https://open.spotify.com/album/358HhLekPvkg13A1dDPfhT // Hyper Light Drifter
https://open.spotify.com/album/2OMhLFqYTFrAzHBwJI8bwM // Rocketbirds
https://open.spotify.com/album/3Z3EhZFG2bXxKP2BF7JbAd // Injustice: Gods Among Us
https://open.spotify.com/album/18Kir7EZdUYWwGxYHhaYmu // Dragon Age: Origins
https://open.spotify.com/album/7KwqcypmfvpVejdUyZTWMX // Dragon Age: Inquisition
https://open.spotify.com/album/4ElpWQqlpCvSznwxK4U35P // Crysis
https://open.spotify.com/album/6uNxILubrUvcyTqG6VuSdk // Crysis 2
https://open.spotify.com/album/2GFFxj8aR2XpwIMYanOPjh // The Last of Us
https://open.spotify.com/album/5zhAb5BiVj4cXCXW760wd4 // Civ Beyond Earth
https://open.spotify.com/album/6GSXmRwERX2erR5xuLTajj // Halo
https://open.spotify.com/album/7LAtVqVh3ojtwDNSuEdNn2 // Halo 2 Vol. 1
https://open.spotify.com/album/2Ll3uGUqd05Uo0fNrQSh4m // Halo 2 Vol. 2
https://open.spotify.com/album/24umXlor1zlXU0H0xBakqD // Halo 3
https://open.spotify.com/album/1k8JDdearbBEc2DJ48CRvg // Halo 5
https://open.spotify.com/album/7rGidzYxexJJ0OKin1RRHx // Fallout 4
https://open.spotify.com/album/3gWn1tTKgNqlsKG3Pf4RSv // Splinter Cell Blacklist
https://open.spotify.com/album/5QwO3vHUx9DvFPywMXV8nG // Splinter Cell Conviction
https://open.spotify.com/album/4lRMKDrp5k52VVGCio32Op // Gears of War
https://open.spotify.com/album/0dKKlEzO9gwWhD7ag3TUPA // Gears of War 2
https://open.spotify.com/album/5nECmJ9tA2ShMysaJDv8zb // Gears of War 3
https://open.spotify.com/album/4GdoCUNWgsCrN2PJIOn37B // Gears of War 4
https://open.spotify.com/album/4hSZhhZRwFIAqHEWH6oHL5 // Bayonetta
https://open.spotify.com/album/163rlW0yY6SUBETXD1tXFs // Abzu
https://open.spotify.com/album/4dZzebB3bTIXLJpTMOSE44 // The Banner Saga
https://open.spotify.com/album/24LEhJ8W7c0XQe9rorDuLf // The Banner Saga 2
https://open.spotify.com/album/7CneZnc5pSVscz4QszEGht // The Talos Principle
https://open.spotify.com/album/6SCstolTyQVCCtJEEM6DXR // Beyond Two Souls
https://open.spotify.com/album/0nnAZcUbW3FIa4k6qOby9d // Darkest Dungeon
https://open.spotify.com/album/1907F3tAFEAdpsQIgAYNzJ // Serious Sam 3
https://open.spotify.com/album/1D622TWd7hvxVZicNjVLjl // WatchDogs
https://open.spotify.com/album/5hrEhqDc6sDLMstOBo8jWx // Fable
https://open.spotify.com/album/4sqsrMqFFAGaKuWWdwoekJ // Fable II
https://open.spotify.com/album/1s5GqO8enWc2EmJHhpUWn1 // Resident Evil 5
https://open.spotify.com/album/7zINFDX9Xfrfwv8SU4iuIX // Resident Evil 6
https://open.spotify.com/album/45H9DLevekKB41uW23dSBf // Resident Evil 7
https://open.spotify.com/album/031LVeJpGTNHThqRXIHXo9 // Seum
https://open.spotify.com/album/4Iwgv9T2tYLu8gd9P6CNBE // Styx: Shards of Darkness
https://open.spotify.com/album/43ZjR5Xf8kHWuCjMhJFZW2 // DuckTales Remastered
https://open.spotify.com/album/2Gy2IQbKCWP3ax77OVQk3r // Child of Light
https://open.spotify.com/album/0cjzbuzTJ25svDvGnG077x // Command & Conquer: Red Alert
https://open.spotify.com/album/65d8zcB0uiUE5a2vjLvUNV // Command & Conquer: Red Alert 2
https://open.spotify.com/album/4jkBDRFtxJ0lKWYcqRSrGZ // Street Fighter II
https://open.spotify.com/album/10PtM3eb2EZ2rofbqRzHCt // Street Fighter 4
https://open.spotify.com/album/3tRRbyO3fzaeAUYkIIhG4w // Darksiders II
https://open.spotify.com/album/49yisjohjVCQ8kem7RP0Iq // Borderlands
https://open.spotify.com/album/337mzRS3hivhPRXorHhCB9 // Borderlands 2
https://open.spotify.com/album/1muCc0xAE42hkbwhnu4ALc // Black Mesa
https://open.spotify.com/album/319lEniupc0KQ5dKIFqhZV // Skullgirls
https://open.spotify.com/album/3WYLm38N6Ae5PdKWHL6CEz // Frozen Synapse
https://open.spotify.com/album/1dHOm1kmbDBK0JVN6n1dYr // Grim Fandango
https://open.spotify.com/album/0tBFIyFkwg5efxviAyDI0R // Conker: Live & Reloaded
https://open.spotify.com/album/256LVulHWISPd51J9PtoYI // Unreal Tournament 3
https://open.spotify.com/album/5eioYQgcYJOfQhsxFjqV6a // Trine 2
https://open.spotify.com/album/6mdVpHJSE0WGlnN6zd4Ecr // Valdis Story Abyssal City
https://open.spotify.com/album/3Py1GXY1kqQpaEHgpc28Fc // Turrican Vol. 1
https://open.spotify.com/album/0lVTTOGPMnRX2VKHldPu3x // Turrican Vol. 2
https://open.spotify.com/album/4kXG8n2QU60hdyIxXESsGk // MadWorld
https://open.spotify.com/album/47m35vB0lPkf5oFPjQozUz // BoodBorne
https://open.spotify.com/album/68kfltNAnV9VCwH7bEkPMJ // Metro: Last Light
https://open.spotify.com/album/3DNHW2ckMRr3v0f7JF3HcR // Scott Pilgrim vs. the World
https://open.spotify.com/album/5ZAaYcFudS0BtKhWJqeMCH // Horizon Zero Dawn
https://open.spotify.com/album/6gocyY7Z5poFOqT5ihhRq8 // Titanfall
https://open.spotify.com/album/5TydVczo6Iu2AkY91tvJZ7 // Titanfall 2
https://open.spotify.com/album/0E2NQD9WX7g88aWmlKMg0U // Legend of Heroes: Sora no Kiseki
https://open.spotify.com/album/55XE7dHvAkXzEf5rJWuxEh // Legend of Heroes: Sora no Kiseki 2
https://open.spotify.com/album/1vMhK0UKL1EQjZ2Lq1Mh7U // Legend of Heroes: Sora no Kiseki 3
https://open.spotify.com/album/5HHDIhU5YGQJZtbinwJ7PI // Mega Man Vol. 1
https://open.spotify.com/album/3OOQRkcyunBEAzAuPt8Zow // Danganronpa
https://open.spotify.com/album/5aZnHNph7U5FLfIO4ZCz3l // Danganronpa 2
https://open.spotify.com/album/5Rffk167A50eaLFKo4ATDf // Danganronpa Another Episode
https://open.spotify.com/album/7KyfdNK4c2fxctS53XXJj4 // Strafe
https://open.spotify.com/album/4YtsY27aUZUNUYpHQad3cf // Empire Total War
https://open.spotify.com/album/509g4muGnEHiBarCkRUD2F // Napoleon: Total War
https://open.spotify.com/album/4kaq7bU5PoyYUKXOPFcqT6 // Shogun II: Total War
https://open.spotify.com/album/7k7R6Fn0IbmmYsoGY0QGOJ // Golden Axe
https://open.spotify.com/album/41QgZ8doUjuQkAkvsYFlp1 // Shinobi
https://open.spotify.com/album/7gupZ78GHfgZNB47AP18ir // Kunoichi
https://open.spotify.com/album/7sVQDE20rLpkvFx2AsyVs9 // Space Harrier II
https://open.spotify.com/album/21HaSseIeYh8dgyp17zPUr // Syberia 2
https://open.spotify.com/album/4od09wJjkv8bVHh0dLeWL5 // Syberia 3
https://open.spotify.com/album/25r7pEf31viAbsoVHC6bQ4 // Skyrim
https://open.spotify.com/album/02S1126Q5E4gUEtpTI6W38 // WoW Legion
https://open.spotify.com/album/2XQNpQhzOvPagQ8wGuUfqS // Killer Instinct
https://open.spotify.com/album/0kV3ikh8inhOOQ3KMYbisF // Prey
https://open.spotify.com/album/36ND4UndVMbE4FlGAd90F0 // Bioshock
https://open.spotify.com/album/0swXkrnGm7RP1BIHiqV8Jk // Stardew Valley
https://open.spotify.com/album/1IamuMB8i2g2vEJKNv7NFC // The Order 1886
https://open.spotify.com/album/0Ghjope2CU9IqdmCZTCNgn // XCOM 2
https://open.spotify.com/album/4M78XpHDFGUAIOMPaMInva // For Honor
https://open.spotify.com/album/0eiMzXp5TpjYa6cd7w4RmH // Dishonored 2
https://open.spotify.com/album/584rIXC7Nkpp2jasVs8l1e // Valiant Hearts
https://open.spotify.com/album/5Gmj7l432XQY1Nxq80cYZb // Dear Esther
https://open.spotify.com/album/2EtNNVeXxAyO1L7tp0Qn99 // Yooka-Laylee
https://open.spotify.com/album/2msJRcxYx2PWANNSoF0vGr // The Evil Within
https://open.spotify.com/album/4wqPQsDjvJfVUXJG5rCfhq // Outlast
https://open.spotify.com/album/1zr5X1OVbb8XeMq68Mryae // Outlast 2
https://open.spotify.com/album/6hv9giIFmL8IPsmZBUyFic // Warhammer 40000 DoW III
https://open.spotify.com/album/0dcBg1wM67TIXy4d2uHfgT // Myst
https://open.spotify.com/album/4DqhCcVGKxB5OzWZdkIrGK // Myst III
https://open.spotify.com/album/2KENaCg3BvGDfy7NPNnt1j // Myst IV
https://open.spotify.com/album/6yBzSepSD88lrLHMdbe13w // Trials Fusion
https://open.spotify.com/album/4qOpD0MgKVTaPahw9zHL59 // Quantum Break
https://open.spotify.com/album/6pt9fvNTKMO4LKU4jxiwLz // The Unspoken
https://open.spotify.com/album/1JFLyWaB44Kr6a8IlzUupj // Neon Drive
https://open.spotify.com/album/0d7oUSnx3NGMUUqyhFiqvR // Jotun
https://open.spotify.com/album/7pFhYkDvL6PHiLvhHAa1V3 // Magicka 2
https://open.spotify.com/album/6BUHF4OkE4LJ7Rr7MnKAt1 // Spate
https://open.spotify.com/album/4xSD96LAzDWBY3OOX8tngM // Splasher
https://open.spotify.com/album/1GncWYOZBK3AxPqwyQmTtB // Payday 2
https://open.spotify.com/album/2rnjKoSvcoxIfwXnXynChe // Overwatch
https://open.spotify.com/album/7EdTD0h0c0e4dHkcMfBwCP // Starcraft
https://open.spotify.com/album/6LsrHgQINaPFwlYYU5Ybb7 // Starcraft II
https://open.spotify.com/album/3Gt7rOjcZQoHCfnKl5AkK7 // Minecraft Volume Alpha
https://open.spotify.com/album/7CYDRyFCKtAYJBSpfovLyX // Minecraft Volume Beta
https://open.spotify.com/album/1BhxcmomhUniLCu173Rpn4 // Tower of Heaven
https://open.spotify.com/album/2XfezFhHCWMZpsAKw94gxd // Middle Earth: Shadow of Mordor
https://open.spotify.com/album/3lTfa6EeH29McWCrio0MHG // Metal Slug 2
https://open.spotify.com/album/0QarLnTjXKSrJkiuncJLYT // Metal Slug 3
https://open.spotify.com/album/53ObkDGcJh5q3z6q9ddxXt // Axiom Verge
https://open.spotify.com/album/1jCfzTRSGbTSr8IGiBoROz // Mafia III
https://open.spotify.com/album/0828iyOw4VHFgw6qnxdIdJ // Samorost 3
https://open.spotify.com/album/5rv5jpjR8kn1lYXu9EGd7R // Little Big Adventure
https://open.spotify.com/album/0mDSPMGVdWORtoEuxhyMJx // Shovel Knight
https://open.spotify.com/album/7Kkoj4rUm2ygO8AaFOapBd // Dust: An Elysian Tail
https://open.spotify.com/album/06i5zPGRMQaAbDWq4ITNjj // Limbo
https://open.spotify.com/album/4M78XpHDFGUAIOMPaMInva // For Honor
https://open.spotify.com/album/39atgCIirIYwhiuiYdgLmM // Braid
https://open.spotify.com/album/1plNiBcLcLXdC2wec2t2rX // Wolfenstein The New Order
https://open.spotify.com/album/1USG3Q60ngYJvY5AgCLs0c // Skies of Arcadia Vol. 1
https://open.spotify.com/album/74RptkfbJxKBZNhZp7t4bU // The Aquatic Adventure of the Last Human
https://open.spotify.com/album/0dNWz4cW5yV5DSNbXT8XBZ // Steep
https://open.spotify.com/album/3jQ7eqotwovipeZ3j3rMqu // Cuphead
https://open.spotify.com/album/4EBXjrE44nxFluYOWKkHMZ // Banjo-Kazooie Nuts & Bolts
https://open.spotify.com/album/5OZHQ7KG8k04IOkF50fACO // Celeste
https://open.spotify.com/album/7Gp7M4UtFXPJ6qc5oILizv // ICO
https://open.spotify.com/album/2HrVkjNMJVNcjUSWxUzyCR // A Hat in Time
https://open.spotify.com/album/5ZJrV5uHaqQbQNdMIPhSct // Destiny
https://open.spotify.com/album/0NY4XVz9uX7a1q6sPgdI4j // The Last Guardian
https://open.spotify.com/album/2viinzlDkAeC3KprABzu4M // LocoRoco
https://open.spotify.com/album/0OKyZzH4nCkGIcVZoLwIcU // Mario + Rabbids Kingdom Battle
https://open.spotify.com/album/7hrYJhZq9ySiEbBpezjmj4 // Medal Of Honor
https://open.spotify.com/album/6erJz42GIYamzW3QVRzA9N // Monster Hunter 3
https://open.spotify.com/album/35zi7Bek6cNttCOwK7aW0V // NiGHTS into dreams
https://open.spotify.com/album/5nvkeEgntNSvMJn5V1Mgkp // No Man's Sky
https://open.spotify.com/album/46JHOigoGnfNu9VNdVzNFT // Octodad
https://open.spotify.com/album/2rnjKoSvcoxIfwXnXynChe // Overwatch
https://open.spotify.com/album/5l1BFWphq5XiWlpbYUjrhr // Portal 2
https://open.spotify.com/album/6Q55ods6yVhg1035RgH2kU // Pyre
https://open.spotify.com/album/1USG3Q60ngYJvY5AgCLs0c // Skies of Arcadia Vol. 1
https://open.spotify.com/album/1AL3bVAeWPKUkajmPZ4vhk // Skies of Arcadia Vol. 2
https://open.spotify.com/album/4Fe6CAz7u9Ksx20pKKoOW0 // The Sims 3
https://open.spotify.com/album/7Bv9cf8hkZgs0oJ69j0Pyz // SteamWorld Heist
https://open.spotify.com/album/3h39tpOlJpuEWsLh4sb5Hx // Tomb Raider
https://open.spotify.com/album/5igTFdgbS1jxBpBufbcQA6 // Undertale
https://open.spotify.com/album/1URAPPYkkYGElm3JVwgRfs // The Vanishing of Ethan Carter
https://open.spotify.com/album/0dI3DcRX27ovAqUgSkyxlJ // What Remains of Edith Finch
https://open.spotify.com/album/22jEkrUnflpu6FZ2bz46VG // Ys I&II
